>> I now feel this connection
between the mind and the spirit
and the gut.
And I think I'll know now.
I think I'll be able to listen
and trust in my own intuition
instead of immediately
trying to turn away from it.
[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]
My name is Brandon.
I'm from the
Moscow-Pullman area.
It's called the Palouse.
It's in the Pacific Northwest.
When I was young, I had a lot of
questions about my upbringing.
My parents are very religious.
I was raised in an LDS
or Mormon family, very
strict religious upbringing.
When you're a Mormon,
you're baptized
at the age of eight years old.
And when I went in for my
Bishop's interview at seven,
I told my bishop that I wasn't
really interested in becoming
a member, which threw
them through a loop,
because most seven-year-olds
just follow suit of everybody
else, and they do exactly what
they're supposed to be doing
and what they're told to do.
They went to my parents
and told my parents
that I wasn't going
to be baptized.
My parents freaked out, told me
that I needed to be baptized,
and I told them I just
wasn't comfortable.
That's kind of where I was
living at for my teenage years.
I didn't really believe in
what I was being taught,
but I was being forced
into a religious narrative.
When I finally was
able to leave home,
then I was able to break
free and to start to think
a little bit more on my own.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So, I mean, I guess
if everybody looked
at me from the
outside world, they
would think that this guy
really has it all made,
successful business owner,
beautiful family house,
second house on the lake.
But inside, I was
missing something,
and I didn't know what
that something was.
There was a piece of my
soul that I was missing.
Part of my soul
had been taken away
from me, both from my
religious upbringing
and from losing a brother
and a brother-in-law
unexpectedly at a
pretty young age.
And then fast forward
about 20 years later,
and I'm having, for
lack of better terms,
a bit of a midlife
crisis, with those
experiences combining with just
my own personal stuff that I was
going through with my family,
with the struggles that it is
to be a business owner
and an entrepreneur trying
to start other businesses.
One day, I had this real
realization that I'm lost.
And for the first
time in my life,
I was very scared because I
didn't know what lost meant.
I didn't know where I should go.
I didn't know what I should do.
I started reading.
I started reading the Bible.
I started reading
the Book of Mormon,
going back to what I was
taught originally as a child,
and those narratives
just did not fit.
There were so many
problems that I
had that were brought
up that just didn't fit.
One of the biggest life-changing
books that I ever read was
"Journey of Souls"
by Michael Newton.
And after that, it really
just took off into the journey
that I'm at right now.
The last four years have
just been a lot of reading,
a lot of soul searching,
and a lot of exploring.
I found Kathy's website,
and I contacted her
because I wanted
to experience what
I was reading about
in these books,
and I wanted to have my
own personal relations
with my own soul journey
and just some advice
to lead me on the way.
I don't really have
any expectations.
I'm really more just
excited for the experience.
I'm excited to grow, to
learn what my journey is
in this incarnation.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> My name is Kathy Kwiatkowski.
I am in Moscow, Idaho.
I've been a licensed mental
health counselor for over 30
years, and I'm a certified
LBL facilitator and quantum
consciousness facilitator.
I started moving into
the spirituality work
to help people to access the
bigger part of themselves,
to see who they are
beyond the trauma
that they've experienced
in this current lifetime.
So mostly just wanting people
to recognize that there's
so much more than this current
experience that they're living
and to access all
of the resources
that they have beyond
their physicalness.
Then we start
expanding out to all
that's available
beyond that, being
able to go from feeling calm
to feeling joy and excitement
and enthusiasm for whatever more
is to come in their journey.
I had been a counselor
for over 20 years,
doing the traditional
counseling work,
working with trauma clients.
I was told about the
Newton books by a friend.
As I was reading
the book, I felt
like I was reading
something I already knew.
It amazed me that this book
was written by somebody who
was a licensed psychologist.
And what struck me about that is
what courage it must have taken
him to do this kind of
research and put himself out
there and risk his
professional career.
As soon as I saw
that it was somebody
who took a rigorous scientific
approach to what he did,
I was all in.
As a clinician, I wanted to see
how does this actually work?
What happens?
I had the most profound LBL
experience that I could not
deny being true for me.
The visceralness that came
through in the experience,
it just brings
you so much peace.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Brandon contacted me a
couple of months ago.
He had found me on the Michael
Newton Institute website.
He had read "Journey of Souls."
And we chatted about what he
was hoping to get out of it,
and in the end, we decided to
do a multidimensional journey.
This is a journey in which
the client has the opportunity
to move into the
wholeness of who they are.
So it's an opportunity
to experience
the full multidimensional
you that you
are in the non-physical realm.
It's a guided process.
What the person is meant
to get in that journey
is what's going to come through.
I facilitate moving
through the portal
into the multidimensional realm,
and then the rest unfolds.
I'm helping people to walk
through their human journey
from the place of their soul.
It just brings
you so much peace.
We're going to do the
multidimensional journey.
Let's talk a little
bit about what that is,
and then really get very
specific about your intention
for your journey, once
this journey is over,
what you're hoping it
will provide you, right.
The multidimensional
journey is about you
being able to access what's in
the non-physical realm that's
available for you as a resource
or for healing or any of that.
It's really about
moving into the realm
of the multi-dimensional
as a way
to transcend whatever
is going on now that's
feeling problematic for you.
>> OK.
>> How does that sound to you?
>> Interesting.
>> Interesting?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
Can you tell me a
little bit about how
you're hoping that would help?
>> So, I mean, I kind of feel
like where I'm at right now
in my human journey is--
I'm really looking for what
my soul is here to learn.
I've had some struggles in my
life, and I'm just wondering,
what is my soul trying
to learn for this trip?
>> What am I trying to learn?
Right.
Are you thinking
of multiple things
in your life that
have happened and kind
of wondering what that's about?
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
There's been a lot of death in
my life that has been around.
I mean, I would almost
say just a lot of tragedy,
and I'm just wondering what
exactly that is all about
and what it is that, I guess,
that I'm trying to gain
or my soul is trying to gain.
>> You've had multiple--
we don't know how many
incarnations, right?
And how many different
bodies here on Earth,
maybe in other places, right?
And so as we move into the
multidimensional realm,
you can access
those parts of you.
How are you hoping
that would help
as you access them,
as those parts of you
become available to you?
>> I mean, I think that they can
help to direct me or what this
journey actually is now.
So kind of getting pieces
of what the soul, what it
learned in other lifetimes.
Then that can help
guide me to what I'm
looking for in this lifetime.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm thinking, what if
there are certain things right
now that are holding
you back from the path
that you were intended to take?
Getting help with
transcending anything
that might be holding
you back from the path
that you really
intended to take.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> Does that sound OK?
>> Yeah.
>> It sounds like you just want
to have this knowing of, what am
I meant to be doing?
What am I here to learn?
Does that sound good?
>> That sounds good.
>> OK.
So as you think about that, try
to feel into that for a minute.
Does that feel like it
takes you to a higher
vibration, that intention?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah?
Removing anything that's
getting in the way.
Now, the path is clear.
Is that what you're looking for?
>> Yes.
Exactly.
>> Yeah.
OK.
Well, I think we're set to go.
>> All right.
>> What do you sense around you?
>> A light and a tree.
>> Tell me more.
>> The tree is shading
me from the light.
The light's really strong.
The light felt
like I was at home.
The tree, I almost feel
like maybe was there
because if it wouldn't
have been there,
the light would
have been too much.
The light doesn't seem to be
coming from one direction.
It seems to be coming from
all around me, even below me.
>> The fact that it was coming
from all around was significant,
so I just encouraged him to
explore that more so that we
could learn the meaning of that.
Does the light have a color?
>> It's a white-ish gold.
The light itself was
white, but the tips of it
had that yellow-gold hue.
>> What form do you take?
>> Kind of a ball
or orb of light.
Well, I looked to my hands,
and they're not human hands.
They're not really there.
It's just energy.
Energy seems to be
radiating from a point
where it's coming from, but
then almost like a point where
it stops, like a sphere.
>> He sensed into the fact that
he actually didn't have a human
form, that he was an orb.
That told me that he was
truly in his fullness
of his magnificence.
He had moved into his spirit.
And what color is it?
>> It's almost translucent, but
there is a little bit of purple
or blue.
>> OK.
>> Right around the edges.
>> When I hear a client talk
about their energy being blue
or having a purple to it, to me,
that signifies a deeper wisdom
that they carry within their
energy body, within their soul.
The wisdom is already there,
which is true for all of us.
So what is the greater purpose
of Brandon being shown this?
>> The Brandon in the chair
is just another being.
It's not the true essence
of who Brandon is.
The Brandon that she was
talking to in the chair,
as I was referring
to, was not really me.
My true essence was there.
I was with it.
It is that sphere,
that orb, that
is truly who I am in my core.
That this is just
a shell so that we
can have this experience.
I can almost see a horizon.
The horizon is kind
of drawing me to it.
>> Beautiful.
Great.
>> As I go towards it, I
feel this rushing sensation,
almost like the
flowing of water.
It's pulling me closer
and closer to the edge,
and I feel a little bit nervous
now as I start to get close.
There's this great abyss.
It's not scary.
It's just really big.
>> It's not scary anymore?
>> No.
The pulling, I think,
is what made me nervous.
And then when I
got to the edge, it
was almost like a
stream or a river,
and everything was flowing
into this vast consciousness.
So there was nothing
to be afraid of.
It was just me being
able to see it.
>> There might be some
anxiety at the beginning,
but then when you get there,
it just naturally fades away,
which is what happened for him.
There he was on the precipice,
he saw the big abyss,
and he was no longer afraid.
Are you alone here?
>> I feel others'
presence, but I also feel--
I mean, I don't
feel like I'm alone,
but I don't really see them.
I feel their closeness, but
I don't see their closeness.
>> Right.
So you're not alone?
>> No.
>> That is something that's so
important that I want people
to always know is that there's
always that divine support.
We may not see it, but even
when we're not paying attention,
it's there.
So what is the greater
purpose of Brandon
being shown this great abyss?
>> Just how vast the
universe really is.
How small we really
are, but yet we still
have a big part
in consciousness.
>> Yeah.
>> Even though I feel small,
I still feel big, meaningful.
I don't know.
>> We are small
compared to all of this,
but yet we're still
part of all of this.
When we feel small
on our human journey,
just to know that who
we are in our truth
is connected to all of this
vastness and this bigness,
that that's who we really are.
Meaningful.
>> Yeah, like that
there's purpose.
And I think that
that's what Brandon's
supposed to see, that there
is purpose, true purpose.
That was something that I was
wondering is, why are we here?
What is our purpose in life?
Is there even a purpose?
And I think that was
one of the things that
was haunting me and just really
having the overwhelming feeling
that there is a
purpose, that we're here
to try to bring and
connect everybody together.
>> Tell me more.
>> All that's coming to
me is light and exploring.
Exploring the light
and enjoying the light.
Appreciating life, really, how
lucky we are to have a life.
That light is what
felt like this life,
us being able to be here, to be
able to experience joy and pain,
to be able to have
a human experience.
>> How does this help
Brandon with his intention
for today's journey to
experience all of who he is
and to gain clarity about
his lessons and his path?
>> I feel like it's a
form of confirmation.
I kind of feel like
traveling right now,
traveling almost
through the cosmos.
And I feel like that that's
part of what Brandon needs
to realize, is that it's a
cosmic journey and to try
to not take everything
so seriously
and enjoy yourself
more, enjoy everything
that this Earth has to give.
Truly enjoy it.
>> Truly enjoy it.
Yeah.
Tell me more about
what this is like here,
traveling through the cosmos.
>> So free.
>> Yeah.
>> No, no fear.
And I think that that's one of
the things that has been holding
Brandon back is fear.
So to be able to truly enjoy,
you have to release that fear.
I would say for the
majority of my life,
that I've been walking in fear.
I have not allowed
myself to live.
And so that's where life
is, is outside the fear.
>> Just allow that vibration
of freedom and all that it has
to offer you in this moment.
>> The vibration is
almost overwhelming.
>> When we move
into that vibration,
we're free of all
those lower vibrations,
whether that's depression,
or fear, or anxiety.
And as Brandon experienced
that moment in which he said,
it's almost too big, I
knew that he was fully
going to start incorporating
that into his physical.
>> Brings me back to Brandon's
palms almost feel sweaty from
the high energy.
I just feel it
through my fingertips
and every bit of my soul.
>> Just allow that to infuse
even Brandon's physical body,
the tissues, the blood,
the bones, the organs.
>> So as I was able to
actually release the fear,
I had this really strong
vibration sense come on.
I almost felt like it was going
to come out of my fingertips
and out of my chest.
It was just this incredibly
strong vibration.
>> And now, if we can, let's
check back in with that
beautiful energy orb.
>> I feel like I'm
kind of pinballing,
just moving through space,
enjoying the feeling of freedom.
Moving without a body.
To feel weightless and to feel
like you can just go anywhere
is amazing.
>> As you enjoy this freedom
out here in the cosmos,
how will Brandon's life
be forever changed?
>> He will now understand
his connectedness or tie
to the universe.
Consciousness.
>> How does this help with
Brandon's intention to have
clarity about his
path and his lessons?
>> Confirmation on what
I thought I already knew.
That now I can see and feel.
I think I know for too long,
he didn't trust his feelings.
He was taught not to trust his
feelings because in some way,
they were bad.
But knowing now that those
feelings are there to help us
and to guide us and that
we have to listen to them.
So when I was younger, I was
taught not to trust my feelings.
I was taught not to trust my
intuition, that it was actually
bad, that it could be
something that the devil
was using to trick me.
And I struggle, even now, to be
able to trust that gut feeling,
that intuition that we
all know is guiding us,
and that we should listen to.
But I had been told and preached
to that it was not true,
and that it was
potentially even evil.
>> As he has those
feelings to guide him,
how will Brandon's life
be forever changed?
>> Because he has
been living in fear,
he hasn't been
trusting the feelings.
I think it's the understanding
of the true intuition
and the gut.
I had trained myself to not
listen to my gut feeling.
I've been blocking it out
for so long that getting back
in touch with that feeling
so that I truly can listen,
and it truly can guide
me, that is essential.
>> Yeah.
>> Because I neglected my
gut for 30 years of my life,
I had lost touch with it.
That is the true
essence of Brandon,
who I am down to my
soul, and that is what
I need to listen to guide me.
It's Truly me.
>> Yeah.
>> But there's a disconnect
between the gut and the mind,
what I'm feeling.
and thinking.
I've got to get those in line.
>> And what would you like
to do to get those in line
for Brandon?
>> Just allow him
to trust them again.
And to try to not
block them out.
I now feel those
connection between the mind
and the spirit and the gut.
And I think I'll know now.
I think I'll be able to listen
and trust in my own intuition
instead of immediately
trying to turn away from it.
>> He got clearer and clearer
that the purpose of what he was
being shown today was for him
to go back to trusting his gut,
something that he had done early
in his life and had been told
to not do.
So how can Brandon
stay connected
to this alignment right now
of spirit, mind, and gut?
>> He has to trust himself.
That has been
something that has been
a huge challenge for so long.
>> Just allow that feeling,
that knowing, to deepen.
>> I feel it in the
pit of my stomach.
It feels safe.
It's more than safe.
It feels secure.
It feels like I
can't mess it up.
I think that I was
walking on eggshells
for the majority of my life,
worrying so much about messing
this life up and what's going to
happen to me in the next life,
that I didn't allow
myself to enjoy.
I didn't allow myself to
have freedom, to explore.
And that has really put
a damper on this life,
and I want to try
to make that change.
>> As you sense into this
now, what comes to you?
>> I feel like this domino
effect that as I affect
somebody, they affect somebody
else and so forth and so on.
>> Yeah.
>> It's never ending, though.
Even though we're
all so individual,
we're all still connected.
It was almost like a domino
chain that went into infinity.
Each one of those dominoes
was an individual person.
What we do affects the
next person down the line,
just like a line
of dominoes would.
But also that there
is no disconnect,
that the line of dominoes, are
in some way, shape and form,
all interconnected.
>> Is there anything else
that you are feeling drawn to?
>> An overwhelming
sense of peace.
>> It's always an honor to
sit with a client as they come
into the presence
of their whole self,
to witness the wisdom that
comes through and the shift that
happens for them, just knowing
how much it will change
their life moving forward.
How are you?
>> Good.
>> Good?
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
I feel like I have
this connection now
that I can make between
my mind and my gut.
I feel like that was something
that I had been taught
to repress for a lot of years.
And getting back in touch
with that is essential.
>> Yeah.
So now the gut and the
heart can work together
as you move forward.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> It's been two weeks
since my session with Kathy,
and I feel a different level of
connected than I have ever felt
before.
I can now recognize when I
have a feeling in my gut,
and that makes a
positive connection
with the brain, where
I'm able to understand
the truth behind
it, where before, I
was really having a hard
time making that connection.
But I know what that feeling
is that I'm looking for.
I definitely didn't
trust myself,
and it was fear-based
because of my upbringing.
And now that I've been able
to make that connection
with my gut and my mind, that
fear has been able to dissipate,
and I'm able to really be in
touch with my authentic self.
Thank you, Kathy.
I definitely had a
journey into my soul,
and I know, moving
forward, that I
will understand that connection
between my mind and my gut
and be able to use
it to help guide me.
[MUSIC PLAYING]